[ADD] subscriptions: add base documentation for Subscriptions (#617)
odoo/documentation-user: subscriptions/sales_flow/create_a_quotation.rst

==============================================
Create a quotation using subscription products
==============================================

> Selling a digital product or service can give you instant gratification. However, you then have
> to work hard for a new customer to make a purchase. It costs time and money. By convincing customers
> to sign up for a subscription, you will maximize your income and streamline your cash flow. You can
> sell any type of product or service through a subscription business model.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Selling a digital product or service gives instant gratification. However, you have
to work hard for a new customer to make a purchase. It costs time and money. 

By convincing customers to sign up for a subscription, you maximize income and 
streamline the cash flow. You can sell any type of product or service through a 
subscription business model.
```

Author: I made all the changes except "your income" and "your cash flow". It sounds better with "your" I think :)

Reviewer: Ok :+1:

.. raw:: html

   <div align="center" style="color:#AD5E99; font-size: 2rem ;margin: 20px 0"> <b>The only limit is

>    your imagination.</b> </div>

Reviewer: Nicu :+1:

Author: Thanksuuu

Here is a scenario using **Odoo Subscriptions** to create a quotation including subscription

> products.

Reviewer: The rest of the team usually uses italic for app names.
But, you can still do it bold if you prefer, I think.

Author: Yep, Keli told me that she uses bold for app names and italic for features... I am comfortable with that too. So I don't know... @jubodoo can I keep it this way?

Reviewer: I don't care if we use italic or bold. But we should agree on something and use the same in all our docs because that's not the case for now.

Author: Agree with that :) @jubodoo

Create your first quotation
===========================

Before creating your first quotation, be sure to check out our documentation on how to create and
manage your own *Subscription templates*:
:doc:`../../subscriptions/configuration/subscription_templates`
and on how to add *Subscription products* to your *Subscription templates*,

> :doc:`../../subscriptions/configuration/subscription_products`.

Reviewer: Why don't you use :doc:`label <path_to_doc_page>`?

Author: Beuh... I find it easier to retrace the content path with .. /.. . Antoine also told me to do that.

Reviewer: I don't suggest you to remove the ../.. but to integrate your label (Subscription template for example) in :doc: :smile:

Author: Great to learn something new :) The changes are made :D

.. important::

>    These steps are **mandatory** if you want to make a basic sales flow using
>    **Odoo Subscriptions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   These steps are **mandatory** to make a basic sales flow using
   **Odoo Subscriptions**.
```

> Go to **Odoo Sales** and create a new quotation. Once you have chosen a customer, you can add a
> product. Be careful to select a product that you previously configured as a *Subscription product*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to **Odoo Sales** and create a new quotation. Then, choose a customer and add a
product. Be careful to select a product that you previously configured as a *Subscription product*.
```

.. image:: media/quotations_1.png
  :align: center
  :alt: View of a quotation form in Odoo Sales

> When your quotation is ready, you have the possibility to send it to your customers or to confirm
> it. It is better to first *Send by email* the quotation to your customers in order to have their
> confirmation and then *Confirm* your quotation in **Odoo Sales**. By clicking on *Customer preview*,
> you can have an idea of what your customer will see when receiving your quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When your quotation is ready, you have the possibility to send it to your customers or to confirm
it. It is better to first *Send by email* the quotation to your customers to have their
confirmation and, then, *Confirm* it in **Odoo Sales**. By clicking on *Customer preview*,
you can have an idea of what your customer will see when receiving your quotation.
```

Maybe add a link to the doc about quotation templates if there is one?

Reviewer: I just saw there's a see also pointing to a template doc.
So that's ok :)

.. image:: media/quotations_2.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Customer preview of a quotation form in Odoo Sales

> From there, your customers have three choices: *Sign & Pay* the quotation, give you a *Feedback* or
> *Reject* the quotation. It appears that your customers are very happy and accept the option
> *Sign & Pay*. They will have to validate the order with a signature and by choosing a payment
> method. When it is done, you can check out the quotation in **Odoo Sales** and *Confirm* it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From there, your customers have three choices: *Sign & Pay* the quotation, give you a *Feedback* or
*Reject* the quotation. It appears that they are very happy and accept the option
*Sign & Pay*. Then, they have to validate the order with a signature and by choosing a payment
method. When it is done, you can check out the quotation in **Odoo Sales** and *Confirm* it.
```

Manage your subscriptions from your SO
======================================

Once confirmed, the quotation becomes a sales order and a new button appears, *Subscriptions*.

> Indeed, a subscription will automatically be created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indeed, a subscription is automatically created.
```

.. image:: media/quotations_3.png
  :align: center

>   :alt: Quotation form in Odoo Sales with a button "Subscriptions"

Reviewer: A lot of useless info on the screenshot.
Maybe you could cut it to keep only the useful part :+1:

Author: Not agree :p Because I mean, I already did some crop / lasso with GIMP (to optimize the picture and remove as much space as possible). It is important to see the entire sales order (also, the picture is not so big) :)

Reviewer: Well, you know better than me what needs to be shown :yum:

> By clicking on this intelligent button *Subscriptions*, you will see that the status of the
> subscription is *In progress*. From there, you will have three options: *Renew*, *Close* or *Upsell*
> your subscription. These three options will be detailed in other documentations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on this button, you can see that the status of the
subscription is *In progress*. From there, you have three options: *Renew*, *Close* or *Upsell*
your subscription. These three options will be detailed in other documentations.
```

When the three docs about renew, close, and upsell are ready, please come here and change "These three options will be detailed in other documentations" by "These three options are detailed in other documentations". Then, add links to those docs :smiley:

.. image:: media/quotations_4.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Use of the intelligent button "Subscriptions" in Odoo Sales

> In the top-right corner you can see the status of the subscription. When a subscription is
> new and freshly created from **Odoo Subscriptions**, the status is *Draft*. When a sales order has
> been validated, the status is *In progress*. Finally, when a customer decides to close his
> subscription, the status becomes *Closed*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the top-right corner, you can see the status of the subscription. When a subscription is
new and created from **Odoo Subscriptions**, the status is *Draft*. When a sales order has
been validated, the status is *In progress*. Finally, when a customer decides to close his
subscription, the status becomes *Closed*.
```

==============================================
Create a quotation using subscription products
==============================================

Selling a digital product or service gives instant gratification. However, you have to work hard for
a new customer to make a purchase. It costs time and money. By convincing customers to sign up for a
subscription, you maximize your income and streamline your cash flow. You can sell any type of
product or service through a subscription business model.

.. raw:: html

   <div align="center" style="color:#AD5E99; font-size: 2rem ;margin: 20px 0"> <b>The only limit is
   your imagination.</b> </div>

Here is a scenario using **Odoo Subscriptions** to create a quotation including subscription
products.

Create your first quotation
===========================

Before creating your first quotation, be sure to check out our documentation on how to create and
manage your own

> :doc:`Subscription templates <../../subscriptions/configuration/subscription_templates>`

Reviewer: Better, right? :yum:

Author: Yep :)

> and, on how to add

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and on how to add
```

:doc:`Subscription products <../../subscriptions/configuration/subscription_products>`
to your templates.

.. important::

   These steps are **mandatory** to make a basic sales flow using **Odoo Subscriptions**.

Go to **Odoo Sales** and create a new quotation. Then, choose a customer and add a product.
Be careful to select a product that you previously configured as a *Subscription product*.

.. image:: media/quotations_1.png
  :align: center
  :alt: View of a quotation form in Odoo Sales

When your quotation is ready, you have the possibility to send it to your customers or to confirm
it. It is better to first *Send by email* the quotation to your customers to have their confirmation

> and, then, *Confirm* it in **Odoo Sales**. By clicking on *Customer preview*, you can have an idea
> of what your customers will see when receiving your quotation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and, then, *Confirm* it in **Odoo Sales**. By clicking on *Customer preview*, you have an idea
of what your customers will see when receiving your quotation.
```

.. image:: media/quotations_2.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Customer preview of a quotation form in Odoo Sales

From there, your customers have three choices: *Sign & Pay* the quotation, give you a *Feedback* or
*Reject* the quotation. It appears that they are very happy and accept the option *Sign & Pay*.
Then, they have to validate the order with a signature and by choosing a payment method. When it is
done, you can check out the quotation in **Odoo Sales** and *Confirm* it.

Manage your subscriptions from your SO
======================================

Once confirmed, the quotation becomes a sales order and a new button appears, *Subscriptions*.
Indeed, a subscription is automatically created.

.. image:: media/quotations_3.png
  :align: center
  :alt: Quotation form in Odoo Sales with a button "Subscriptions"

> By clicking on this intelligent button *Subscriptions*, you can see that the status of the
> subscription is *In progress*. From there, you will have three options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By clicking on the *Subscriptions* button, you can see that the status of the
subscription is *In progress*. From there, you will have three options:
```
